[feat] add large-messages project (#69)
scaleway/serverless-examples: projects/large-messages/README.md

# Serverless large messages architecture

> This repository contain the source code for the this tutorial: [Create a serverless architecture that manage large messages, with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing NATS, Serverless Functions and Object Storage.](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/blob/int-add-mnq-tuto/tutorials/large-messages/index.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source code for the this tutorial: [Create a serverless architecture that manage large messages, with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing NATS, Serverless Functions and Object Storage.](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/blob/int-add-mnq-tuto/tutorials/large-messages/index.mdx)
```

## Requirements

This example assumes that you are familiar with:

> - how messaging and queuing works. You can learn more on [Scaleway official documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/quickstart/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- how messaging and queuing works. You can find out more in the [Scaleway official documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/quickstart/)
```

- how serverless functions work. If needed, you can check [this page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/functions/quickstart/).

> - how S3 object storage works, and especially how to create a bucket and upload files within a bucket. Please refer to scaleway's documentation [here](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/storage/object/quickstart/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- how S3 object storage works, and especially how to create a bucket and upload files within a bucket. Please refer to Scaleway's documentation [here](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/storage/object/quickstart/).
```

## Context

> This example shows how to handle large messages using NATS, Object storage and Serverless functions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to handle large messages using NATS, Object Storage and Serverless Functions. 
```

## Setup

> Once your have cloned this repository you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have cloned this repository you can run:
```

```console
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

## Running

> Then, you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the example, you can execute:
```

```console
./upload_img.sh path/to/your/image
```

> In the bucket, you've created you should see your image and a pdf with the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the script has finished, you should see your image and a pdf with the same name in the bucket you've created.
```
